I will never be yours.
I don't care if you're a Bolton ear.
To me, you're just a farm boy.
Oh, isn't that our dear Miss Bolton?
My bad.
She's not a Bolton anymore.
News travels fast.
Our poor little Charlotte is just Miss homeless now, isn't she?
Hey, Erin, congratulations.
Have you lost your mind?
Caroline, I'm warning you.
Do not disturb us anymore.
Even though Charlotte is no longer a Bolton,
she's under my protection.
Now go.
And Caroline, you know, I never cared about any of the things
that you said to me, but if you ever threatened her again,
I will tear you apart.
Why are you standing up for me?
I thought you wanted to hurt me.
I told you you're mine now.
Only I can harm you.
The Bolton's are planning my welcome ceremony.
You're my man now, so you're expected to be there.